Add `--checkpoint` and `--freeze-encoder` flags in train CLI (#1007)
chemprop/chemprop: docs/source/tutorial/cli/train.rst

Pretraining and Transfer Learning
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An existing model, for example from training on a larger, lower quality dataset, can be used for parameter-initialization of a new model by providing a checkpoint of the existing model using :code:`--checkpoint <path>`. :code:`<model_path>`` is the location of checkpoint(s) or model file(s). It can be a path to either a single pretrained model checkpoint (.ckpt) or single pretrained model file (.pt), a directory that contains these files, or a list of path(s) and directory(s).

> When training the new model, its architecture resemble that of the old model. Depending on the quality of the old model, the new model might only require a few epochs to train.

Author: Yes, it is a bit oversimplification.  It also depends on the similarity of the new task, dataset size, and transferability of learned representation. How about change it into
```suggestion
When training the new model, its architecture **must** resemble that of the old model. Depending on the similarity of the tasks and datasets, as well as the quality of the old model, the new model might require fewer epochs to achieve optimal performance compared to training from scratch.
```
